Good evening everybody, hi Jill, hi Pamela, hi Jason, solar fire and Artemis, welcome
to the show. Can you give me a sound check please? And then we'll be on our way.
Early, what I want is high morbidity. I want people to complain. So what do I
do? I go to Des Moines. Ladies and gentlemen, the people on the screen, I
have nothing against Des Moines. I live there for four years. I go to Des Moines. I
infect a couple of sentinel cases in Des Moines. I go to Seattle. I infect a
couple of cases there. I go to North Carolina. I go to Wisconsin. What I'm doing
is I'm using a dispersion methodology to be able to infect sentinel cases with a
highly morbid condition. These individuals complain. Again, this is a central nervous
system condition. So they're complaining of whatever the bug may do. It'll produce
some cascade of neurological and neuropsychiatric signs and symptoms. And
then what I do, the real bug that I use is the internet. I take attribution for that.
Yes, I'm a terrorist group. And I have done this by infecting with a highly
little agent. And the first signs and symptoms of lethality are x, y and z.
These people are really sick with this. But then I say others who are also infected
will show subdramal, pre-dramal signs of lethality. And what that will be is anxiety,
sleeplessness, agitation. What I've now done is I've got every individual who is
diagonistically hypochondriacal. And I've got every individual who's
worried well, flooding the public health system, banging on the door. The CDC comes back and says
nonsense. That's not real. I come back and say, that's fake news. And as a consequence of doing
that, what I do is I create a schism between the polis and the public health system.
I fracture the integrity of trust and reliance upon the population and its government.
It doesn't matter much at all what you believe about vaccines until we invent
really important ones, you know, until we have a pandemic that's killing everyone,
you know, and, you know, it's not, you know, measles plus, you know, okay, I can tolerate what
you think about measles because, you know, not that many people die from it. It's just a big
hassle in the end. But no, when we have this new pandemic that is, you know, got 75% mortality and
it's not, it's, there'll be no pretense of being polite in the face of these beliefs. It'll be a
moral emergency because it has to be. And this is just sheer contingency as to whether in one
condition or another. I mean, so.
And I also now know that our friend Jonathan Cooey, who some of you will know from his
lab leak series early in the pandemic called JC on a bike journal club on a bike,
that he also has advanced a version of this hypothesis. So I don't claim it to be unique.
I do think I arrived at it independently.
So that he said lab leak series. I never noticed that before.
It wasn't the lab leak series. It was a coronavirus series. I never once called it a lab leak series.
That's so interesting. Infectious disease to the degree that we could. If we made that public
enemy number one, we might simultaneously do be doing the best possible thing to limit the
attractiveness of totalitarian ideology.
That gets dumber and dumber every time I hear it.
I'm working on getting some subtitles and a transcript from the interview with Wolfgang.
I appreciate the, uh, appreciate the compliments. Um, I really looked forward to that interview.
I was an hour behind schedule life and it just went, it went better almost because I got taken
off guard. I think it tells us that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially
a worst case scenario. I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with
essentially a worst case scenario. I should also point out that our viewers will have noticed
that we are sitting here unmasked and I should point out that actually we are in an interesting
sense, a model of something that I believe is not on the public radar. So if I'm correct,
you Robert have had COVID. I've had COVID and I've been fully vaccinated with Moderna. All right.
Steve, you have been vaccinated fully vaccinated with Moderna. All right. I am unvaccinated, but I
am on prophylactic ivermectin and the data actually shocking as this will be to some people. The data
suggests that prophylactic ivermectin is something like 100% effective at preventing people from
contracting COVID when taken properly. Aside from the risk that possibly the ivermectin I got
wasn't real and I have every reason to think it was. It certainly appears to be the genuine
article. I believe that what we have here is a demonstration of a kind of composite herd immunity
where through three different routes, COVID vaccine and ivermectin, we are protected and you
are doubly protected. So I would just say that for anybody who's enthusiastic about the vaccines,
if you're unconvinced by what we have to say about the hazard of them, one thing to consider
is that the way to get society to herd immunity and therefore drive COVID-19 to extinction which
ought to be our goal, the way to do it is to get people into this category one way or the other,
whether that's through prophylaxis, whether it's through a vaccine or whether it's because
they've had COVID already. One could argue that if everybody just took ivermectin for a month
worldwide, really independent. Some will find the title that I have given this episode
perplexing. I would ask them to stick with the episode through the end and I will explain why
I titled it as I did. I will save the world in three easy steps. At any moment we decide to utilize
it to end the pandemic and that it is it is well within reach should we choose to see what is in front
of us.
If you think about it, if we're defining vaccine really liberally and these COVID vaccines are
vaccines, the flu vaccine is okay, but actually they're kind of cheating when they're calling these
things vaccines and anything with really rapidly fading efficacy such that you need shots within
a year, you know, Canada saying nine months is as actually JJ Cooley's insistence and I think
he's right on calling them transfections rather than vaccines.
He's scheduled for 60 minutes next. He's going on French, British, Italian, Japanese television.
People everywhere are starting to listen to him. It's embarrassing. Yeah, I got a nod from Paul
Exander the last couple weeks now and Sage Hana has also been giving me a half tip quite often
which is appreciated. I don't know who Sage Hana is but she hasn't been like he has not been negative.
And has been very helpful and critical when necessary. I don't know what to say other than
I'm happy that there's some sign that we're gaining some momentum. We need momentum. That's for sure.
We definitely need momentum. We're going to get this stuff out there. We're going to need some
momentum because there's no question that the algorithms can give them momentum. There's no
question that that fake censorship can give them momentum. There's no question that these
these algorithms can give them momentum. So what do we do about it? How do we get through this?
I don't know. I think we're doing okay.
The conscious and intelligent manipulation of organized habits and opinions of the masses
is an important element in democratic society. And those who manipulate this unseen mechanism of
society constitute an invisible government which is the true ruling power of our countries.
Talking about America there. Ladies and gentlemen, talking about America there.
There are people who won't see this ladies and gentlemen. We're going to have to come to the
terms with that idea. There are people who are not going to see it until we've already won.
That's not going to be possible for everybody to see it.
But there is a critical mass that we can reach into the understanding of the AI
fraud. There is a critical mass understanding that we can reach with regard to how badly we've
been lied to. And I think a lot of these people the video evidence is still available on the
internet. I just got to get people to see it. We just have to get people to be able to see it.
That's tricky because some of them still can't even see the bricks. Some of them see the bricks
and are ignoring them are playing along so that the audience doesn't figure it out.
You know, like when the scenery tips over but then a couple people pretend like they don't
notice it. That's where we're at right now ladies and gentlemen. That's where we're at.
And so some of the people that we're watching and paying attention to are actively pretending
that nothing's going wrong. They're still totally on script. Everything is going as planned.
And in reality that's not the case at all. Ladies and gentlemen, this stream is brought to you by
a patch clamp. Physiologist GigaOM is a resistance rating and applied to the patch clamp recordings
that I used to make as an academy edition. It's GigaOM biological therefore high resistance low noise
information. You can find me at GigaOMbiological.com. I've got to say that we've had really great
outpouring of support. I mean we're getting a few subscribers a day which is really
you know more than I could ever hope for. And he's scrolled down to the bottom of that first page
of GigaOMbiological.com. You can find phone number to leave voicemail and different ways to
subscribe monthly every three months or annually. And this list is a combination of people who've
decided to do one of those things. And if you see names on here more than once then they've decided
to do two of those things or something like that. So there are some people who are pretty extra
committed to this. And me and my family thank them very much. But I got to tell you that if
I'm going to be honest I think we need a lot more because the idea would be to be here forever
or for a long time to keep this going. Because if we're going to win we need to keep this going.
But this information and information related to it needs to be available for the foreseeable future.
You need to support people like me. You need to support people like Mark Housatonic, Mark Coolack
and Housatonic ITS because he's also doing work that I think is indispensable. The archive that
he's built is an archive of information that can speak to how this faith in a novel virus was
constructed over the last 20 or 40 years. The main people that are involved and the people that
you're not hearing about in the news. The people that we're not arguing about. You can hear about
the people who should have done known. Probably already did know that it was a conflated background
single all along. We're going to you can see the history of the people that definitely know that
intramuscular injection made a combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune
system is dumb. So you know it's me it's Mark Coolack. It's really only a few people that are trying to
make well trying to make a difference by putting it all on the line. And I will tell you right now
my family has it all on the line. And so all of those people that you saw scroll there a minute
ago are people that are helping fight this mythology by directly supporting give a home biological
so that we can get this kind of information out the kind of information that Jessica
Hockett is trying to get out that Mark Coolack's trying to get out that these people that we've
come to trust because they understand that it's a spectacular commitment to lies that we're up against
and these people that we've come to trust because they understand that the protocols are basically
murdered.
Well that's the wrong number. Yeah wrong knowledge.
Good evening ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the show. This is Giga Home Biological High
Resistance Low Noise Information Brief brought to you by a biologist. This is 21st of January
2024. And I'm just going to pause this music over here. We're not going to get too fancy tonight.
I don't know how well that scroll shows up over there. It hasn't been updated in the last couple
days. So those of you that just subscribed I apologize for that. I've had well if you count
my eighth grade sons teams game today then we've had five basketball games this weekend. It's been
pretty tiring and my voice is a little shot but I'm really excited. The boys played really well.
We did lose but they played really well. They played their best basketball. They got their
more shots up, more rebounding, more boxing out. Some of the fundamentals are finally coming.
You know it's strange. It's a sixth grade team but over half of my squad is just basically
brand new basketball players that have had best who run some other sport like football or soccer.
And so it's it's an interesting group of kids that we got and my son's actually playing organized
basketball for the first time and he's he's learning every game and so it's a lot of fun.
That's right. Sorry. I have to switch slide decks here.
So tonight I've got an interesting discussion. I'm I'm I'm curious as to what people are going
to think and how easily people are going to be able to follow along. I do believe at this stage
that the main thing we're up against is the misleading of the young. The young being these
college age kids and maybe even people under 30 that are genuinely trying to use social media
to figure it out. And so even if they stumble their way into a place like Children's Health Defense
or the ICANN network or maybe some of these other things like the FLCCC. Very quickly these people
are going to find themselves coming face to face with Steve Kirsch and Kevin McCurnan or face to face
with some of these other people like Robert Malone or or even someone like Peter McCullough who
although they will talk very candidly about the dangers of transfection and the number of people
that have been hurt they they are very wanted to talk candidly about the evidence of spread
and the potential for this to have been largely a an operation as opposed to a real bona fide
spread of a novel pathogen over the last five years and they're definitely very afraid to talk about
the real biology that underpins it and so over the last few days maybe a week some rather big moves
on the chessboard have been made and I've been kind of just kind of sitting back and and and
trying to figure out what exactly the next move is to be and I think at this stage the best move
is to just let you know what's happening just to try and let you see that we are being manipulated
by something behind the scenes and the manipulation is pretty it's it's pretty obvious if you can pull
back far enough and really take it in I apologize for the heater in the background
and so just for anybody joining us for the first time I know it's possible out of these 66 viewers
it is possible that some of you are joining for the first time the Scooby-Doo analogy basically
suggests that most of the TV watching population of the globe in all languages has been led to
believe that there is a mystery to solve a mystery that involves a spreading RNA pathogen
that may or may not have been leaked or purposefully leaked or come from a badcave and so the mystery
solving has resulted in all of the people who are fooled into solving the mystery they have all
accepted the existence of a novel spreading RNA pathogen and that is actually the magical
enchantment that they would like us to impart on our children they would like us to raise our
children with the history that in 2020 a pandemic occurred and we need as urgently as possible to
try and understand the real biology so that we understand why this is indeed a mythology that
we have been misled and that we need to re-instruct our children about what happened over the last
four years and so the pandemic was created very very concisely and it was created with a lot of
foresight so there were funded scientific programs over the last 20 years which have produced
a primary literature foundation upon which the claim of pandemic potential is based
in other words like I explained in the interview with Wolfgang Wodach if you say to scientists
in academia that there's a billion dollars available for people who look for
self-replicating RNA pathogens you're going to find a lot of people that have a lot of different
ideas about how to show them how to investigate them how to test for them how to measure them how
to quantify them and if you keep funding that research over a period of years you will produce
a primary literature foundation in other words many many papers which have tested a hypothesis
related to a self-replicating RNA pathogen which can then be referenced by any new and ongoing
research that happens in the present and so the longer you fund this research the more
evidence you have in the background that this is a relevant idea and once there's 10 or 15 years
of people finding or measuring or trying to quantify the pandemic potential in mother nature you have
enough literature to claim that there is pandemic potential in mother nature if you combine that
with very clever tabletop exercises over 20 years in all of the major bureaucracies of America and
foreign countries then you have an academia and you have an academia and you have a
a let's say biosecurity state that believes that this is a possibility and then when you finally
decide that you want to do the swine flu pandemic you have an extra dimension that you add because
in the swine flu pandemic there was this problem that when the the shots came out there were 1200
people who got Guillain Barre or got paralyzed in Germany and so the signal was very hot and it
was very unexpected but if you told people that one of the things that might happen very rarely
was Guillain Barre and then you spun it as though a lot of this was rare you might have gotten away
with it and so one of the things that they probably did was change the script and they have been
rehearsing and altering and tabletop working out the script and so this script seemed to involve
seeding mass casualty events at the beginning of the pandemic, misconstruing them as spread
and even more clever they seem to do some things to confound the effects of the novel
spreading pathogen like what Dr. Giordano explained if you confuse them using the internet saying
that wow heart attacks are up people are dying from heart attacks and don't tell them that
EMTs have been told not to resuscitate
and so if you did that in combination with having a bunch of actors that could go on television that
could be available for social media that could go on to obscure podcasts like the Shannon Joy podcast
the giga ohm biological podcast or the Tommy podcast and talk about the worst case scenario
talk about military gain-of-function experiments talk about the worst case scenario as a distinct
possibility then you can really confuse people and get people to buy into this scooby-doo
mystery solving exercise and once they engage in the solving of the mystery they accept the
monster that is the gain-of-function virus that got leaked from Wuhan and spreading around the
world for five years and now if you make some of these people aware that it's a national security
operation that you are helping with the American or the five eyes or or all of the the globe security
you're working for the who you're working for I don't know whatever it doesn't matter what the
guys in the suit say as long as they make you feel important and they tell you that you can't
really reveal that we talk to you you can't really question even if you know that there's really no
virus right now and everything's fine we need to keep this going because of whatever x y z
you'll sell a book and you'll get on tv and everything's going to be fine we just need your help
and there are a lot of people there are a lot of people who are selling a book
who are selling a book and selling that book only they're not summarizing across the whole
narrative and none of them none of them none of them have ever even come close to touching
the possibility that by design the toxicity of the spike that was purported to be founded
Wuhan was confounded with the toxicity of the spike that was put in the transfection
so that they could say that anything that was done wrong anything that went wrong with the
transfection was because we chose the wrong nasty protein which turns out in hindsight
wow surprise hits again a function protein if we had known that we would have never
transfected anybody with it never mind that there was dna in there because we rushed it i mean
oh my gosh so many mistakes but at least in the end millions were saved
early but i want his high morbidity and so i won't play that now but i will read this list
a military response with the ability to drive local mass casualty events so was the military
in new york city making sure that those numbers weren't questioned making sure that anybody that
ran into the fire would be intercepted and co-opted and make sure that they put forth the right narrative
that if if Pierre Corrie left that hospital and went out and told anybody that he would say the
right things that if that doctor that they had on fox news and other places saying it's like hell
it's like hell that he would say the right things this is exactly what dr girdano would
describe as necessary in fact would make it possible to use very small numbers of infections or
transfections to get people to complain and then the rest of it could just be testing on a background
that's already positive co-opt a pre-select group of narrative controllers a combination
of background signals sorry i'll go over here um and oops that's how you do this way you do it
like this first and then that one and then that one and then you're here see um uh financial and
legal incentive to call covet a combination of background signal and non-specific tests as spread
of course coordinated propaganda campaign to drill and confuse drill confusing worst case scenario
that's what we talked about earlier and then an emerging emergency social policies capable
of increasing all-cause mortality so you're going to ignore these two things you're gonna
you're going to tweak knobs in hospitals you're going to institute protocols in hospitals it will
increase all-cause mortality in those hospitals by 15 20 percent everybody that goes on a ventilator
dies that also works and then you're going to convince the public that a lably cover-up is
happening before their eyes what does that do well of course that that that that throws off all the
limits of you know all this stuff that we were talking about at the beginning about i don't even
know if we can make natural immunity to this well that whole potential was based on the idea the hint
that it was a gain of function virus that's the only reason why you would ever assume that oh wow
i don't even know if our bodies can make immunity to this thing isn't that crazy isn't that a crazy
isn't that a crazy thing to say but they said it from the beginning and in october of 2020 they
made up they did a publication with a bunch of names on it that included woolensky
where they said they didn't know if we could make immunity
and now you use these these nations down under one of the things that i didn't realize until a
couple days ago use the allied nations down under the demonstrate lockdowns can work
not only that but make sure that you use them to demonstrate what lockdowns can be
not only use it to show that lockdowns can work because we're on an island
but make sure you show them what lockdowns can be like how nasty politicians can get
how unbelievable lockdowns or or or force quarantine can be what it looks like when
police officers tackle somebody and make them wear a mask
because you couldn't have got away with that in america
but they needed to show us that they needed to show us our intended future
so they use them to do it and at the same time they got this bonus narrative of being able to
say there wasn't a there wasn't a 2020 wave in in australia or New Zealand because we locked out
and you'll find people still saying that Brett Weinstein would probably still say that
and this is all by design you see this was all table topped it was it was gamed out
and altered and gamed out again and that's why we are in our fifth year of this this enchantment
we're in our fifth year of there being a novel virus that killed millions the number is currently
seven around the world seven million people were killed but many more were saved by the billions of
transfections that occurred this virus likely came from gain of function we've put there's no
debating that anymore i mean there's no even not even an art why even argue about it i've got
video after video saying why even argue about it i don't have time to show
why even argue i don't have time to show them all this this is a very special stream
and so they've bamboozled us they've bamboozled us into believing this this gain of function is
possible that this pandemic potential is accessible and that it represents a worst-case scenario that
could do out billions of people on the planet and therefore they're justifying taking away
everything that we consider who we are
and i would argue that these people are involved they are involved even if they got
co-opted before the pandemic and had no idea this was coming and are absolutely appalled at how far
it's gone and holy man i can't say anything because they had me already before the pandemic was even
sprung on me i don't care then they're lying cowards but it's much more likely that they're
just dunces that they just aren't clever enough to know that their ego is right in front of their
nose and so they can't see anything for what it is i don't know maybe they're all liars and they
know it maybe it's actually as dark as it could be maybe they're all like this guy
biblico i kid you not
hell biblico i kid you not
people come in i get intubated they die the cycle repeats
you overwhelmed yeah the the systems overwhelmed all over the place my daughters and intern in
brooklyn first year resident she starts the icn today i couldn't sleep last night it's scary
nine eleven was nothing compared to this we were open waiting for patients to come who never came
okay now they just keep coming and they're all ages don't delude yourself into thinking only
the old will die or we'll get it they're all ages it's incredible hell it's incredible
and they did it on the news with all the people all the virologists all the academics they even
had me on my bike riding around saying it had to be a lab leak and they're covering it up
and because of this wonderful control of the debate and because of the wonderful control of
the local news this fear uncertainty and doubt went on for a very long because of the control
the numbers we didn't have these numbers in 2020 we had projected numbers we didn't have any
information that they weren't resuscitating people in in new york we didn't have any idea
that they were putting people on ventilators and killing them until somebody said it on youtube
but didn't really say it we had nobody absolutely nobody kyle sidel was not saying anything about
the lack of antibiotic use kyle sidel was not talking about the lack of use of any of steroids
he wasn't we weren't even there yet with medazalam and rimdesivir probably
the opioid deaths have gone up every single year of the pandemic nobody cares
the death certificate fraud that went on from california to new york nobody cares
financial incentives that led to it nobody cares the hundreds of companies that went into business
took millions of dollars from the us government to do tracking trace fold calls and shit sorry
excuse me and crap the masks the closures the mandates all the ipads and stuff that they bought
for for schools the pcr fraud the ladder of flow testing fraud i mean come on
you ordered coronavirus tests from china and shipped them to the uk and then delta showed up
really we didn't even have tests in the united states we just had swabs that we had to send to
the cdc i mean are you kidding me they want us to forget about 2020 and 2021 because that was
just two years of bald face lying obfuscation exaggeration and predation on our system draining
the last little bit of value out of our our economy out of our budget out of our government
out of a dollar because that's what this is all about that's why this guy who doesn't talk about
his dad whose brother works for peter teal who's at the head of one of the biggest
weaponized piles of money on earth
and his good friends with some guy he started paint pal with
are involved in manipulating us they are involved in enslaving us
while they pretend that they are fighting for our freedom they don't care about our kids
they don't care about us at all
so
brett weinstein has done nothing to help me in all the years that i helped him and all of the
the tips i gave him all the biology that i taught him he had yuri dagan on his his stream
in 2020 to see the scooby-doo yuri dagan is some foreign medler who is also in the drastic group
on twitter that i was being manipulated by and that's all part of the same charade to make sure
that we all bought in to the solving of the mystery we all got excited about busting them
catching them in their game catching them in the biological clues of the furin cleavage site
and these bad ideas are what trapped us these bad ideas and more importantly these bad questions
that they made us ask we weren't asking the right questions because these people no matter who you
drew out of the deck didn't matter what random five people you chose from here they were not
going to help you escape something about them was going to be so contradictory and something
about them would ignore and you would have this limited spectrum of debate and a very lively
discussion within it that would help you nothing would help your family not at all
i'm sure it's a lab leak
and so they made us confused they made us afraid they put doctors on the tv to say it's hell it's
biblical and then they sent you home and you got on to social media which is basically like being
on this road here and getting picked up by the cars that drive by and no matter what car you got
into they were going to change the way you think and they were going to make sure that you believed
in a novel virus with the potential to kill millions and if these people would just get their act together
and let me use this or that or the other novel treatment we could save millions
i mean it's likely from gain of function the spike protein looks really manipulated
and therefore i mean you know it's getting easier and easier for a biological you know master
student to make a a gain of function virus in their garage according to Robert Malone
and so it doesn't matter this is how it was done they had meetings around the world where they went
to different countries and they met with those people that were dissidents in that country and said
hey we got you thanks for joining us on the stage man your insight into this pandemic has been so
helpful i'm going to take it back to the united states i'm going to put it to good work they've
been doing that for four years these same people these same people have been doing it for like four years how many times have we seen
Robert Malone and Meryl Nass and and and one or more of these other people on stage at the same time
in the last four years all around the world and what have they done they keep spreading the same
news there is a novel virus and millions of people died it's probably from gain of function maybe even
the us funded it and the who is a bad guy not that i like the who but this would be ended in no time
if we just told everybody to close their cdc's and we specifically in america stepped out of the
who because we are a pretty big funder and we closed our own cdc and we stopped our own vaccine
schedule we could just do it we could just end the prep act we could elect a bunch of people that
would strike the get rid of the prep act we could we could fund a bunch of lawyers and and have those
lawyers bring suits for individuals that were injured by the vaccine and bring suit to federal court
have the federal court have to say that no we can't see your case because you have to take it through
the cicp or the vicp and then you as an attorney have to say no that's a violation of my seventh
amendment and then it goes to assert a federal circuit court and gets struck as an unconstitutional
law it could be over in six months the prep act the entire legislative foundation of pandemics
in america could be struck as unconstitutional if we just had an organization or a group of people
that was willing to do it but we don't maybe giggle and biological should do it none of these
people are going to do it they don't even know the words strict liability
they know gain a function really well though and they can tell you all about endonuclease sites and
that kind of thing and so this is how we got here that we were on that road and it doesn't matter
whose car you got into at the beginning of this very lucky if you got into the car with Nick Hudson
very lucky if you got into the car with thomas binder i happened to get into the car with thomas
binder i happened to get into the car with mike eden i happened to get into the car with wolf
gang wodock so i was pretty convinced that this was baloney from the beginning and then i got out
of their car and ended up in the car of kevin mccaren and paul katrel and a but and charles rixie
and a bunch of other people and oh my gosh and drastic now those were some crazy carfuls of clowns
with lots of big ideas about how bad this was going to be how many billions were going to die
and so i doubled i i checked myself i didn't know if i was right or not i noticed that on twitter
sasha latipova changed her uh her little her little uh picture from this very
gentle and sweet uh profile picture here to this one which has a gold jacket on and says work hard
and die rich um that makes me kind of pessimistic about the whole place at this moment but you know
i'm just pointing things out tonight actually i would like to talk about the great kevin mccernan
um he's neither a doctor nor a phd but he is a guy who worked um for the human genome project
which means that he crossed paths with a lot of creepy people um a lot of creepy people without
a creepy ideas back in the day when those creepy ideas were taken a lot more seriously they can't
than they can be in more recent times when we realized that we are kind of approaching that
that that border where the irreducible complexity of understanding how genes work you know and
that kind of thing we're starting to run into that wall again and they've been talking a lot
of smack for a long time about how once we had the human genome sequenced well i mean the world's
your oyster right and of course that's turned out to be nonsense and uh the only thing that they
really have to sell is the idea that it's you can make dna cheaper and you can sequence it cheaper
but you know that doesn't mean that you understand it at all so anyway the reason why i thought it
was interesting to talk about is because every once in a while Robert Malone with his four trillion
subscribers will bless or or um anoint another sub stack with the pleasure and honor of being
restacked and in this case the smoking gun uh the title of uh a kevin mccurnan
sub stack was uh restacked or or promoted by robert melon so big boost um and this smoking
gun is actually about the alex washburn paper with the restriction enzyme sites um and it's
curious because also ark medic wrote a blog about it as well and it's all about emily cops um uh
foyer request for more information about the diffuse proposal and then they got some more
information about communication between the grantee and the grantor or whatever and uh some of those
details are purported to corroborate the existence of and the authenticity of
the diffuse proposal now keep in mind i just want to state first and foremost i'm not necessarily
saying that the diffuse proposal is fake what is a fake proposal if you write a proposal it's a
real proposal if you submit a proposal it's a real proposal but if it was a proposal that was
written specifically to put the methodologies that that the scooby-doo mystery required
to fall into the hands of the dissidents then it could be a real grant proposal about real
experiments that nobody would ever fund nobody would ever do and if you did them it wouldn't matter
which is what i would argue i don't think they're really ready for me to argue that but i don't
think making clones and spraying them into bat caves is going to be a real easy way to start
a pandemic but what they want you to see is that they were thinking about putting fear and cleavage
sites into bat cave viruses and that pewding fear and cleavage sites into them is what makes them
these highly transmissible viruses so just by adding a few amino acids to a protein that isn't
with very high fidelity made in the first place
into a genetic swarm that is the exact opposite of homogenous it doesn't really have the biological
you know the whole biological machinery and and and stuff there to to really make sense so it's a
lot of hand waving but it's exciting because again all the little pieces of the scooby-doo
puzzle are present the fear and cleavage site is it or is it not a laboratory made oh my gosh
look they ordered the same enzymes that Alex Washburn identified as enzymes that could cut
the SARS-CoV-2 virus in certain little segments well isn't that cool i mean that's like saying
that you know these people were making cakes and look we found out that they they ordered flour
and baking soda i mean if you're doing molecular biology and you order a relatively common or
relatively rare restriction enzyme it doesn't mean much especially again it wouldn't be very hard
for them to have for for this to be a thing if they wanted us to really feel like wow this scooby-doo
is really getting solved these are mystery solvers look at these guys go what are they really
doing they're making diffuse real again because when it first came out it was already not real
when it first came out i already said that it wasn't real it was too perfect it was too
perfect and it came out exactly when everybody wasn't buying it anymore
i'm not even really sure it was in the original script i think the original script really needed
just lab leak and a lot of a lot of going along and a lot of people didn't go along
and so i see a very coordinated effort between Robert Malone
Kevin McCurnan a guy by name of Archmetic and Jessica Rose to re-elevate the discussion about the
endo nuclei sites and the diffuse proposal because we got more data now it looks like they actually
ordered the enzymes it looks like they were in having email conversations
and this doesn't convince me at all that any of these experiments were done but even more
importantly it doesn't convince me at all but even if they were done that it would it would
generate any kind of pandemic potential that's the whole point they want you to think
that the debate should be is diffuse real or not did they do the experiments or not
the real debate is is if they made clones and spread them into bad caves what would happen i
would tell you absolutely nothing
and i'm going to tell you i think i've got a really good reason to be confident about this
number one please recall that i wrote my only article for the defender my only article for the
defender on october 29th 2022 with three authors charles rixie myself and robert f Kennedy jr robert
f Kennedy jr was on the phone call until one 30 in the morning charles rixie apparently fell
asleep so he actually didn't write any of this article at all we left him on it i'm not really
sure why and other people were involved the editing team was involved and so i there are
other people who could corroborate this story that charles rixie was on the original start of the
call or he was notified that we wanted to write this article and then he fell asleep
and so when we were calling back and forth about the writing of the article eventually we couldn't
get a hold of him anymore but bobby was on the phone with us until one 30 in the morning
and we talked about clones
and they didn't get into this article but in this article we talk about
endonuclease sites and about the idea that they had their indication that they were making clones
that they intended that it came from a clone and i totally agree with that
of course that's what i've said the only way to work on a coronavirus is to find the sequence
using any number of computational and sequential methods where you have these short sequences and
use an algorithm to assemble them into a consensus coronavirus and then you make a DNA
construct of that using the kinds of technology that kevin mccurnan has probably very lucrative
patinson seeing he's he's had like a couple companies that he's sold for sequencing methodologies and
technologies and so he knows what he's doing and he knows that that coming down in cost is one of
these big sales pitches as to why it is that we're eventually going to crack the human genome because
we can we can read it ever cheaper but that's that's not that's not that's not fixing any problems
about understanding so if you read this one you can see um uh this little analogy here is actually
from me consider how a brit would spell color maneuver a pediatric the choice of how to spell
a word can reveal your native origin similarly these nearly implecable imperceptible changes
in the viral sequence give away the laboratory origins of this virus so this is really like a
a small smidgen of of what ends up in the red book um the wuhan cover up and in this we could
have easily put the clones in this article but it needed to be a shorter article bobby didn't
want to split it in two um and then uh by the time i got hired by i would have gotten hired by
chd only in july of 23 so at this time i was still just a consultant for bobby and just a consultant
for the book so when i wrote for the defender here i was actually not being paid by by the defender
but but as a consultant so hard not by the defender but not by chd but as a consultant i wasn't i
wasn't a scientist then um and then i got hired by chd as a staff scientist in july of 23 and then
i was laid off in january fourth of this year um so anyway the point is is that i also am aware
of this paper i was i was on it the same day it was out and uh i've been paying attention to the
diffuse proposal the diffuse proposal is actually here in this um thing you can see it right there
and so if we go back to this and uh try to kind of discuss what's going on here
one of the interesting things that i was made aware of is that in the
the in the comments um somebody had referenced me or clones
and uh mr kevin mccernan um kind of went off so i'm going to first read his his uh paragraph here
and then i'll try to break it down a little bit um but i'm kind of feeling like hold on just let me
think about this for a second i think i'm going to move this one up here and then i'm going to
keep this going so this will work but then i just moved up a video that i want to watch
after this so i'm going to read this and then i'm going to show you a video that comes from uh
st patrix day i believe a year and a half ago where i explain the clone hypothesis as best i can
to an audience of kevin mccernan jessica rose
stephanie sineff and john bodeman and in that explanation of the clone hypothesis kevin mccernan
and i have a back and forth about the biology and it's very insightful to compare that back
and forth which is really the last time that i would have interacted with him before he eventually
blocked me on twitter for something which i don't really know
so let's read this this is common jj kui bio babble folklore coronaviruses circle the globe
every year there is no reason why an engineered version could not do the same given it was derived
from parts of viruses that have been doing this for millions of years
so so far he's the dinging refers to the fact that he's right on the principles of
virology as written by vince at rancid yellow and others this one right here this two part volume
um in this case someone spent the effort to hyper optimize the covid 19 ace two binding affinity
such that it would spread far and wide that's another very interestingly early on seated narrative
we had this guy patrovsky from australia who published this very detailed analysis from
all different ace two receptors across the animal kingdom and it was like 16 times more
affinity than the next closest one whoa was that nuts
his next squid ink is to claim it could not spread as fast as it did and thus needs to be
seated from clones well that's just that's just completely misrepresenting what i've said
of course i've never said that it couldn't spread as fast i've said that it couldn't spread with
as high fidelity
maybe spreading fast as part of that but it's the high fidelity that i have a problem with
and i'm sure i'm absolutely sure that kevin in his multi-million dollar mansion on the
atlantic coast with his hundred million dollars in the bank with all of his patents i'm sure that
he understands that he is grossly misrepresenting my ideas here and really pigeonholing them into
a tiny little dumb compartment instead of the absolutely monumental possibility space that
they represent that none of these medlers will discuss let's go further into this obfuscation
circus the fault in this logic is assuming the spread initiated when the chinese claimed it did
in 2019 when there is in fact evidence of prior circulation well that's another complete failure
because you know and i know that i've been saying it's a background signal that may even extend
back into in perpetuity the background could signal could be insanely loud for all we know
we have no data from before the pandemic i've been claiming that from the beginning for him
to turn it around and pretend as though the fault in this logic is assuming spread initiated
when the chinese claimed it did prior circulation gives time for it to achieve an endemic state
no kidding really kevin wow what a ridiculous misrepresentation now i'm really curious because
we're going to be able to look at a video that comes from over a year and a half ago
where i explain it to kevin and so i wonder if he has the exact same response that that's that's
kind of dumb because because because i wonder if it's going to be there i bet it's not
so seeding clone hypothesis is chemtrail retarded the most efficient mechanism would be
the package of virus and infect a few people in a city huh so package of virus and infect
a few people in the city do you mean like make um do you mean like make a transfection product
do you mean like virus-like particles what do you mean by that do you mean like lipid nanoparticles
with RNA in them what exactly are you talking about you see how silly this is you see how disingenuous
this is a guy who blocked me on twitter after having been on my stream twice in the last four years
not a doctor or a phd just a guy who sold out very early a long long time ago
so
transportation takes care of the rest dropping clones everywhere hoping for a magical
transfection to occur while having an endless parade of spies dropping and spreading these
clones around his keystone cop move when the package virus will perform all of this skull
doggery for you how does he think that clones and and viruses are different in any of the
experiments that we've read where they apply the RNA to a cell culture and then take the super named
how does how does he see that as any different is that not preparing viruses
is that not preparing very pure viruses i don't understand really this is just being
this is just being obtuse this is somebody who's pretending to dunk on me but he's
absolutely exposing himself as a fraud
leaking the virus provides camouflage and plausible dye and dye and deniability as folks
question the source for years the keystone cop clone chemtrail hypothesis requires a team
of covert people and is frankly stupid if you know how to package a virus he wants you to
believe that clones and viruses are different and that if you make viruses they can go around
the world but clones can't do that do you see how awful it is it's an absolute inversion of the
truth that all virology is basically based on making RNA clones any study of a coronavirus that
can be replicated starts from a clone and they apply that clone to a cell culture
cell culture packages it up i guess because they gets their their their machinery hijacked
and then that supernatant can be applied and used as virus i don't know what he means by
prepare virus if he doesn't mean that and in fact in the video i'm about to show you he's
gonna say that he doesn't think that clones are much different than the natural thing and that's
where he's obviously wrong because if you can make 40 liters of the DNA and then you can use a
commercial polymerase to change that to RNA what you get in this vat over here of RNA is going to
be a quantity and a purity that is unattainable with whatever he's talking about here packaging
the virus what let's listen to this video
your latest video with Paul was amazing JJ really nice compliment thank you very much can you
hear me better now or not nice voice nice voice it was really like it nailed down two things for me
but i finally really understand the infectious clone idea and i think it's very very likely
what happened it aligns so well with the fact that i don't think anybody has been wrong so far
it's just nobody had a complete picture and this kind of suits all of these things there was a
misinterpretation of the real question that was being asked and what people really wanted to know
is this SARS 2 thing of virus that's the real question not whether or not viruses exist in general
i mean i think that just got mixed up they get mixed up in there indeed and i think that people
get yeah they get swept away in that and and it's it's a very much more i think the people that are
actually misrepresenting the no virus angle and i do believe there are people that are doing it
are purposefully not curious about what happened they're just sure that say didn't happen and that
part of it really bothers me it drives me bananas and it's the reason why i don't think
it makes complete sense that's a perfect segue by the way to go to jj's ideas about the
the infectious clones i mean it's fascinating idea and it makes so much sense it gives credence
to the they did it on purpose as a biological weapon idea you want to go jj yes thank you i'll
go so i've been active like a lot of these these humans um in trying to get the word out about
basic biology and um i've been kind of focused on learning the immunology again um after having
learned it as an undergraduate as a grad student and trying to figure out where the line of fidelity
in virology is really drawn um and after about a year and a half of this struggle i had my my path
cross uh the path of robert f Kennedy jr and so um since then i've been uh a scientific advisor for
him behind the scenes and a lot of my recent work has been spurred by questions and specifically
questions about what does what is an infectious clone what do they mean when they say this um
was a question that was posed to me by bobby and over the course of trying to figure out what this
what the implications of this methodology where i've come to realize that
i think it's possible that um there are more smoke and mirrors than anybody wants to really
admit um so let me just switch over here hopefully if you have it set to um speaker i can just switch
like this and i can put myself down here in the corner um so let's just go forward and say first
of all they've told you that bat coronavirus is out of a cave um are capable of uh of the verb
pandemic um they're capable of pandemicking um they've also told you that this this ability to
cause a pandemic or rather the potential to cause a pandemic can be accessed if you take a virus out
of the wild and you passage it successively through a special cell culture or even in some cases a
series of animals um and at the end you get pandemic potential and i'm gonna argue that in fact
they've told you these stories because they don't want you to know the real biology can't support
this idea and their goal is to use a relatively harmless background pathogen to try and coerce
us out of our individual sovereignty and do a kind of global conversion from you know individual
sovereignty to individual permissions and i think that is going to be achieved if we don't
make it become common knowledge that these gain of function mythologies are are exactly that
they're largely mythologies so the trick is just think about the the cartoon um that they've told
you on television which is that when you're infected with a virus you have a bunch of copies of it in
your lungs and you cough those on your family members and that's how this works because it's
actually not true more importantly all of virology knows that it's not true they know that there is
a ratio to be measured between infectious particles and particles which are non-infectious because
they have a genome with too many errors i'm just gonna stop it for one second to get rid of these
things because they're just in the way seeing genes or missing proteins etc this quantity or
let's say this ratio has been very poorly characterized since it was first recognized
and in fact you might even suggest that there's been a paucity of effort to characterize this
i'm going to suggest to you that this would be one of the key things to figure out as we try to
parse out really what coronavirus infection is and how does our immune system deal with it
i'm going to suggest to you that and my viewers that there's um there's one sort of anecdotal
story that always gets told about coronavirus as it goes along with this one as well and that is
that it's very difficult to culture them you can read papers about the the Wuhan Institute of Virology
sampling from hundreds if not thousands of animals and only coming up with a few
imperfect and incomplete sequences and maybe able to culture one that they get a Sanger sequence
and this one's considered to be quite a successful expedition and they tell you that's because they
don't have the right culture they don't have the right cell type they don't know how to do it
but in reality i think it could be related to the the infectious cycle and the fact that they
have misled us about the purity of it and the the fidelity of viral replication to tell us a story
and the stories that they've told us are these and then i'll be done the first story that you
can accept is that this is a natural bat cave virus each of these sets of earths is a year
so at the beginning of the pandemic the bat cave virus was released the following year it was
delta i guess or alpha beta gamma delta i don't know which at some point there was an omicron
variant which first appeared in south africa that omicron variant also took over the world
and now we're here at some green variant in this model the green earths indicate that the lockdowns
didn't hurt anybody we can also say that the false positives were were rare we can say that
novel coronavirus has jumped and caused a pandemic and we can say that we've spent money on gain
a bunch of research and it's all okay in the laboratory bat cave zoanosis story maybe you
think that the protocols hurt more people so we'll start with green earth but then right away we'll
turn it to yellow because some of the protocols weren't correct but you still believe that there's
a virus circulating the earth that came from one point on earth and spread all around you might
even think that omicron is a second release either way you still think there was a virus that circulated
the earth consistently for three years replicating itself in different lines but always coming back
to the same variant in this scenario it's the exact same thing we spend money on gain a
function research novel viruses can jump from nature or from a lab and pcr false positives are
relatively rare you could also say that there's another scenario where maybe the vaccines are
hurting people but there was a real virus and the lockdowns worked but all of these still have
this virus in the background that wasn't there before it doesn't matter where it came from it
wasn't there before and it's here now the other scenario that's very seductive and sucking a lot
of people in is the no virus scenario now what if i told you actually i think every person that
believes any of these scenarios is actually not wrong they're just confused and that there
is a single biological narrative which can explain why the no virus story holds a lot of water
while the laboratory virus holds a lot of water and the natural virus story seems to hold a lot of
water and that is a previously endemic background if you will recall sars was released or found in
2002 but then there were three more coronavirus leaks from china in 2004 then there was a leak
from taiwan in 2006 then there was a leak from china again in 2009 and there were at least 484
reported leaks by the cdc in their own reports from american labs so it's likely it's kind of likely
that there are some sars viruses in the background along with the other endemic coronaviruses that
are always there so if we make the the initial story that there are a bunch of coronaviruses
then we can say well we don't know because we weren't unfortunately we weren't testing for them at all
um so anyway imagine that in order to explain how the the the beautiful beautiful signal molecular
signal is released all around the world it's so uniform that it's actually not supported by
the RNA biology that we understand that underlies coronaviruses and incidentally
requires them to make coronaviruses into a cDNA copy in order to work on them in a laboratory
a cDNA copy that makes every virus the same it makes every genome the same in the clone
and so it's a very convenient methodology that's been around since 1987 invented by
david baltimore and vincent ranson yellow and is a way of making an RNA virus that's almost
impossible to culture and sustain in a lab sustainable in a laboratory for years
and it's jj sorry yes go ahead are you going to do the cd and tape analogy because that really
really hit home for me and i think people will would love to hear that analogy because they can
a relate to it and then be really understand the significance of
i forgot how much jessica rose helped me out in this talk i was kind of going off onto the
going off into the ditch there for a little bit talking about trying to get myself back to talking
about clones and what clones are and why they're so interesting to think about that they enable
unculturable very untractable RNA signals to be recreated by using a dna construct
and in fact i was trying to make the argument that if we've been trying to understand these
dna and rna ghosts in the wild for a long time and the only way that we've come to
understand them is using dna clones to create the ghosts and study them in the laboratory
we might we might be creating something that is not really related to nature anymore and it is
fact a higher quantity and higher purity that can exist in nature and therefore whatever
potential that we're studying is already exaggerated hundreds of fold and so then real danger just
becomes quantity and the real way that you would get the same sequence in many places is to use
the clone so hopefully i'll figure it out here and the rest of this and then of course kevin
mccurnan's going to ask questions you know the the lab versus the wild type thing i love you
for saying it because i cut it out i wanted it to be short but i'll put it in it's only going to
take me two more seconds john forgive me it's such a good analogy so i think it's it's like it'll
drive home what you're saying for people who don't really have the the background thank thank you
jessica um i owe you one so when they typically get infected they say that the virus is all the
same right and i've already told you that that's not the case and that that's the reason why this
story doesn't make sense that it's really hard to culture well if the virus was making perfect
copies of itself it would be easy to culture but it's not it's making very poor copies of itself
many of the copies are non-replication competent that makes it difficult to culture coronavirus is
from the wild the solution that they've come up with is to take that RNA sequence that they find in
the wild turn it into cDNA constructs that can be grown in high quantities in a bacterial culture
they can then use any number of ways to convert that cDNA to RNA you don't have to get into that
now and in fact because we're going to talk with with somebody like kevin mccernan it would be
really silly for me to try and wax intellectual about all the details of that but the point is
is that when they do this they are able to create a purity level of a single copy
many many copies of a pure RNA that can't exist in nature because of the nature of replicating RNA
now the the trick is is that up until now no one has really tried to measure the infectious ratio
of a coronavirus swarm in an animal or in nature or anywhere else but my guess is it's a lot different
than one to one or ten to one or even fifty to one the point is is that if you make an RNA copy
or sorry a DNA master copy you can make lots of copies of the same RNA and you will have
averted this problem that makes it so difficult to culture coronaviruses from the wild
so are you suggesting that they're making so you know if you put that infectious clone into a
million cell you're going to get a very similar output to what um sorry status right the the
replicated machinery is going to make this really odd array of different expression from the
engine the m gene and this is where he's already getting it wrong he's already distorting it
right and he did this back then and he he tries to do it all the time but if you make a clone
with a large quantity of pure DNA and then you convert that to RNA you're going to have a quantity
of RNA that when you put it on your cell culture it is more pure and way more pure than anything
that you're ever going to get out of a bat anus in your sampling of bat caves because there you're
going to get a single RNA and a swarm of RNA is best we can tell and when you put that into cell
culture it doesn't go anywhere in a 96 well plate you might get two plate two wells that show
psychopathic effects and you might get lucky if you can sequence one of those wells
and then that sequence needs to be turned into a clone and then made into more RNA before you can
study it and so are you suggesting that you would put these RNAs into cell culture and then they
would make yes and then they would make all the subgenomic RNAs exactly the same as we think the
coronavirus does but he would be starting with a hell of a lot more pure genomes than you would
ever start with from any sample in the wild and so the result would also be much more robust than
anything you would start with in the wild and so the idea that a clone is the same as what you
find in the wild is only true if you think one molecule to one molecule and you buy their entire
cartoon which is that this molecule has to translate itself into a bunch of subgenomic RNA templates
and only every once in a while makes a copy of itself but then it still needs to make a copy
right it's got to be positive stranded so I don't know if you're aware of that they need to make a
negative strand then that negative strand needs to be copied again and the positive strand needs
to be packaged in the new virus so we're really getting close here to exposing this for for the
sham that it is because this is not a valid argument what he's calling a a chem trail retarded
it's he's not calling it chem trail retarded here
because it has to right if you want to actually stoichiometrically put one genomic piece of
DNA or RNA into a capsid you have to make like a hundred to a thousand spikes a hundred to a thousand
you know end proteins envelope protein so so they're going to express a lot more that junk at the
end of the molecule just to make that assemble correctly are you suggesting that that to do an
infectious clone release you'd have to like take the clones grow them in a co-lide like they're
doing through the vaccines and then purify them and then make a lot of t7 like RNA off of it and then
infect people with the RNA somehow because in that case it would be it would be linear it all be
one molecule it wouldn't be all diced up and having this this different type of um expression
profile that we see in nature right so that would be kind of my point is that if you did that you
would have a an infectious but it would still work the same it would still need to make an RNA
dependent polymerase and all the other replicates uh cooperative proteins in order to copy itself
all the the cartoon of coronavirus doesn't change because we make a clone of it
I mean I'm just playing the game here he's the one who insists that coronavirus circle the globe
every year and that we've made coronaviruses that can do it because we're using parts that have
been circulating the globe for millions of years if we're gonna work on that assumption then come
on let's be honest do you see do you see how crazy it is that this guy pretends he can't understand
the difference he's supposed to be a guy who didn't do his PhD or his MD went right straight to the
human genome project he was so sharp clone would be and not an accurate representation of what
SARS does when it's on its own and so if they released a large even a small quantity
of an RNA infectious clone with the identical molecular signature in these different places
that all of this symptomology and all of the molecular signals would line up perfectly
for a brief period of time while the clones purity was pure enough for that to happen
yeah so I mean I'm with you that this this allowable like two by five opinion card and Wuhan versus
wet market is ridiculous right like but that's not when it started and all they had to do is like
turn on the PCR lights if you will and you can start seeing patterns of viruses moving through
the population and they could have done this on HQ HKU1 if they wanted to just by simply looking
in ringing your arm bells I wonder if they could do it with primers that weren't specific for any
particular RNA signal I wonder if they could tell us they were looking for an N protein when really
they were just looking for a signal they knew was already there do you see how easy it would be
we're already there he's already agreeing with me here he's not he's not opposing any of this
where's the chemtrail retarded part this is a year and a half ago
did I catch him off guard where's the chemtrail retarded part here
I guess what I'm trying to see is like how is the infectious clone RNA expression different
than what the virus does because when I when I see that I'm like it's the same polymerase
making the same errors making the same yeah so it's starting with a giant quantity of pure DNA
what part of that doesn't he understand I hope I explain it right here
oh the problem is though think about it and this is the way I think about it so I'm yeah I would
love you to help me think better if if if the best case scenario was you took an infectious clone
and put it on an airline and everybody on the airplane or everybody in the room had it then you
put them all on different airplanes wherever they landed that infectious clone would still go off
now in a relatively random direction in my imagination yeah rather than all going to delta
than all going because these are all different chains of infection it's not like so the only way
that it Italian doctors for the first month could have measured the same sequence as people in
in Seattle as if the people that got infected were infected with the same clone otherwise there
would have been a molecular difference because we saw that in the first SARS between every patient
oh between SARS one you're saying yes there's so much divergence between
does SARS one have the same I'm it must have the same error proofing a lead a champ baby I think
it sure does it's a long gene I mean it's a long it's a long genome so therefore it's
I mean the air rates I've read on that there's something like one in 10,000 maybe one in 100,000
when there's an exon engine in there and then I it wasn't reading the it seemed pretty similar to
human R&AP human R&AP is what if you put this clone inside of a human cell the first round of
making the template RNA off the clone is going to be from probably RNA polymerase or R&AP and
that has an error rate of like one in 100,000 but then after that's made SARS starts doing its
business and RDRP takes over which has an error correcting polymerase which ends up being almost
in the same ballpark it's a little bit a little bit more noisy than the human one but but it's only
that one cycle of making human R of going off the clone into making human RNA after that it's
going to be the machinery it's going to get read by the ribosome and then all the expression is
going to change you're going to start getting too much N protein I shouldn't say too much just
more and protein more and you know envelope and whatnot so I don't know how the mutation spectrum
changes going this way you know but I don't think it did my argument is the mutation spectrum is
being chosen from the background of SARS viruses they're already there that's why Omicron was
present the whole time they just brought it up when they decided to cause like target failure
a real so wait I thought he just dunked on me a minute ago on January 19th of 2024 I just thought
he dunked on me saying that yeah but the big assumption that Jay says is that it didn't spread that
fast and therefore it had to be there earlier but the easy explanation is it was already endemic
don't you see how disingenuous it is can you not see that he's actually I don't know how to use
any other word then he's a liar he's lying in that in that comment answer that he posted on his own
sub stack about my idea and what he understands about it he completely misrepresented it
here I am explaining it to him live on rumble a year and a half ago I'm explaining it to him
it's the third time we've been live together
it's absolutely disgusting this man is worth a hundred million dollars and he's attacking
somebody who's got kids and no job and I'm renting this house
and he's spending his time he was spending his time attacking me on twitter until he decided
to block me he's spent his time sending complaining letters about me
a guy who lives on the Atlantic Ocean in in in Boston has spent an exorbit amount of time
trying to ruin and defame and slander somebody who streams out of their back of their garage
with a thousand three thousand subscribers are you kidding me how can you not see how
diabolical how malevolent it is that this grad school dropout
is wasting his time actually actively ruining my family's life
I think I dunk on him here a positive right right right so there is no evolution and DARPA is
controlling these sequences it's not like it's an open source database that that random sequences
can be thrown into my argument is the mutation spectrum is being chosen from the background of
SARS viruses they're already there that's why omicron was present the whole time they just
brought it up when they decided to cause like target failure a real a positive right right right
so there is no evolution and DARPA is controlling these sequences it's not like it's an open source
database that that random sequences can be thrown into you mean the g said yeah yeah maybe yeah
there are there are several million like six point seven or something in ncbi which is more
open source but I don't know how quickly they get there they may not be as real time as g said
all right go on so I interrupted no no you didn't interrupt at all was perfect interruption actually
it was very helpful um so so keeping in mind what Kevin just said um that yeah that um
that I'm there is some difference between RNA and DNA and the the most important thing for my model
is the idea that DNA can be accurately copied into much larger accurate quantities
relative to RNA you can make a lot of RNA if you start from DNA but if you're making copies of RNA
using the traditional viral proteins that do it there's going to be a certain walk that occurs
that doesn't necessarily have to occur if you're on a molecular bench using the state-of-the-art
molecular techniques that have been invented by Kevin McCurn and other people DNA is very
high fidelity what that means is is that we can kind of think about RNA viruses as being like a
mixtape so if you remember making a mixtape for your girlfriend it's a tape that's derived from
original albums that you bought at the store that are of the highest quality when you put
them on the mixtape they lose a little bit of quality but they're not too bad the problem is
is that fear they can't make a copy of that because then there will be too much hiss too much noise
you won't want to listen to it in your headphones and if you turn it loud in your car it'll smell
like garbage but CDs fixed all that suddenly CDs once we could copy them we could we could
share albums with people and sharing the album you could even make a mixtape and share it with them
because you didn't lose the fidelity with each copy that you did with this mixtape so my argument
is is that if they've tried to study what is essentially an imperfect genetic pathogen or
something like that and they've tried to study it by first modeling it with a perfect copy
and this has resulted in a whole field of science there's no question about it that you can study
the natural sequences by making a synthetic version of them and then putting them in cell
culture in large quantities using electroporation or something like that the the the particles that
are produced will cause animals to get sick they will cause antibodies to to neutralize them they
will even be shareable with people around the world but the trick is to realize that it is a
horrible approximation of the natural infection and because of this we can look at what I think
we can look at what happened in this pandemic and come to a conclusion that maybe it might not have
been the story that they say so if you think of it this way a real simple explanation for why
the molecular pattern was so uniform is because on a background of SARS viruses which is depicted
here they released in some places around the world a brief bout of an infectious clone so that all
the molecular signals would be the same and then now they just go forward as the clone disappears
they just announced new sequences they just omit the ones that don't fit they might have even already
known what the background was before they started the show but the reason why this is cool is because
now the no virus people aren't crazy now the molecular biologists aren't crazy now even debunk
the funk is not crazy for saying the PCR is pretty accurate when you have nested primers
and this all lines up a bunch of things that can make people that are that seem to be very
zealous about the thing that they understand actually write and if we could sort of get people
to just think in this direction i'm not saying i'm correct but i'm just saying that maybe a good
goal is to find a hypothesis that gets more of us to agree on on the biology think about how dangerous
what I was saying there was and the reason why when I said all this stuff I was also asked to write
a letter for CHD to the no virus people to explain what I thought what what these clones made possible
was the illusion of a pandemic so that all of us could be right that all of us are fighting
about things that we don't understand and I wanted people to be able to come together on this idea
just as i'm saying here a year and a half ago and instead what happened the no virus people
trashed the idea kevin mccurnan eventually blocked me on twitter and now calls me kem trail
retarded kem trail retarded i'm not sure how much more is left so i think i'm gonna let it play
but we might be done or any that's that's where i've been thanks for for pushing me to add that
a little bit Jessica that was great yeah so for for people who who are have brains like me
um maybe they're wondering uh in your um from your point of view is there a way to prove this
yeah i i'm sorry i thought i was directed at me no i was directed at me and i was puzzled
sorry i'm just okay kevin please i thought for something that i yes please we want to
we want to know the background like what is the mutation rate of like hku one or seasonally
because um you know is that in fact mutating so quickly such that it can arise from a point source
or is it different than the mutation rate that we're seeing in in cv's right because
the i think the premise of what you're saying jj is that um the mutation rate should not make it
there shouldn't be these homogeneous waves of different variants from from alpha delta gamma to
omochron uh to take over the world uh what seemed to be at a too quick of a rate is that my my
summarizing that correctly yeah i i think it's part of it yes definitely it implies a level of
fidelity that i don't think can exist there should be more branches um okay all right so so yeah
i guess to try to tease that apart we have to because the one thing that's going on Jessica is that
we turned on massive scale PCR and sequencing surveillance for the first time in human history
and viruses in in 2020 right so we don't really know what this looked like in 2019 and did we were
we seeing waves of these things that were just not there that we couldn't see right um and that
may in fact be the case that um you know that that may give us some some some idea of what the actual
viruses look like naturally yeah we might need some we might need some data spectrum we might need
some data might be nice to have some data yeah i i think the the area that will you'll you'll
probably meet some pushback maybe the virologist field maybe the the ransanellas and um i probably
shouldn't speak for them but i think i think that you know they would probably say okay there's no
reason to believe the mutation rate of the clone is necessarily more stable than um then the virus
mutation rate unless unless it is that you actually are like you're launching alpha delta gamma in
multiple cities at the same time with uh with the clones uh to to make these radical changes
um and maybe that's that's you know part of what you're suggesting but um they would probably
argue that if you put a clone into us into into a million cell its mutation spectrum is going to
be much different once you get into the RNA world because the first step is i agree if you replicate
the DNA it's got high fidelity it's like one one error in a million right but the moment in
RNA polymerase hits that thing you're you're already kicking off at like 10 to the minus
fifth 10 to the minus fourth error rates uh and that's not much worse than the virus but there
he's saying it again if you do the DNA you can make lots of DNA high fidelity but then when you make
the RNA it's going to be a little shoddy that's totally true but you're making RNA from a perfect
DNA template over and over and over again when the virus replicates when you get a virus out of an
animal and you follow the cartoon instructions you take that virus and you grow it in a cell
culture so it starts already in a in a in a state of purity with a clone that cannot cannot
exist in nature and in fact is scalable because it all depends on how much DNA you make first
and it doesn't seem to be possible that he's able to ignore this but he is he's able to ignore that
DNA allows it to be scalable to commercial sized RNA production just like they made the shots which
is what he said earlier i'm sorry i just find this extraordinary i can't i'm having a hard time
understanding how it is that he ever thought that he could write such a comment like that without
this video this video existed already like we had this conversation a year and a half ago it's so
incredible that i would have a dream job
and lose it because i'm telling the truth about robber Malone about other medlers
who don't have the right to take off the uniform after three decades of working for them
and claim that this is you know a mistake
and i have asserted that this person is playing the DNA contamination card exactly as they want
it to be played and that is his job right now other than apparently also to ruin the life
of a family of five in Pittsburgh
to interfere with a business relationship of mine to the extent to which maybe he played a role i
don't know i do know that he he tried and why because because some unemployed biologist in
Pittsburgh was saying some bad things out of stream on twitch that nobody watches no
because i was suggesting that there was a biologically plausible explanation
that would allow a national security state to execute the most amazing psychological operation
and convince everybody to solve a mystery about a spreading pathogen
and by solving that mystery they would teach their kids that that was a potential forever
and we could be governed by that mythology and i cannot imagine that he does not understand the
idea that i'm trying to explain to him better and that he just missed the opportunity to say that
this was chemtrail retarded a year and a half ago i don't think that's the case i don't i don't
think that's the case is it a year and it might only be a year ago it might have been just last
year so you know nine months ago ten months ago he's not missing the opportunity here ladies and
gentlemen there was no opportunity it's a fabulous idea and the idea that this recombinant there's a
there's an accessory protein that causes proofreading and coronaviruses is belied by the fact that
denizen himself the guy who found it mark denizen also stated that this increases the recombination
rate of coronaviruses during co-infection recombination will almost always result in a bad thing in
terms of making a full genome copy we're still hand waving a lot about what happens when a
positive stranded RNA virus goes into your cells and then translates itself into a negative strand
and subgenomic RNA and a negative strands that still can't go through your ribosome
i'm gonna let it play it's not very long left i'm just shocked i'm shocked so that they can both
start making errors it sounds like what you're suggesting is maybe there's the possibility of
someone seeding a consensus through dna first yeah and and that's what is maybe being used to
make the pcr systems like have s gene dropping see and that's the thing it can be both you can use
the RNA to transfect people you can use the RNA to transfect people with a spike protein that
will annoy their lungs you could you could use the dna that gets left over from that process because
there will be dna left over from that process and just dump it in the sewer and if you dump that
huge quantity of clone dna into the sewer every time you do it you get you get you get dna signals
in the in the sewer it's super easy you get both from this process you get the dna that you use
to make quantity then you get the RNA that you derive from it but the dna doesn't get destroyed
in that process it's still there you can send that dna all around the world don't you see
and spraying that dna might not make you sick but it will make a pcr positive it'll make the
the the surfaces of a screw ship positive i mean it's just absurd it's not keystone cop chem
trail retarded it is most likely how it was done and i think that they all know it oh darn
did i just hit escape shoot okay i gotta go and do that again sorry about that your latest video
with paul was and that's not much worse than the virus uh so that they they can both start making
errors uh it sounds like what you're suggesting is maybe there's the possibility of someone
seeding a a consensus through dna first yeah and and that's what is maybe being used to make the
pcr systems like have s gene dropout and and and sort of be chasing its tail
yeah maybe that is i mean again i'm i'm still trying to work through this too the the most
important thing that the infectious clone idea came brought to me is an understanding of how
i mean it's so ubiquitous in virology you can't believe it and i mean almost every
paper starts with an infectious clone and so it's it's the only way to study RNA viruses
yeah indeed it's it's the storage system like everyone puts things in plasmids stores them and
you can ship them around the world they're stable that's that's the way you mail these things around
no doubt because it's uh it's uh it's it's it's a high-sability storage system we can i ask one more
thing before i'm no i'm taking up too much time but the EXON gene which you were saying is
appropriating gene was also reported by um barrack and denison to be responsible for recombination
and i've been wondering if the homology of the end protein the homology of the RNA dependent RNA
polymerase but the non homology of the spike could be that instead of tracking a virus we
should really be thinking about tracking the remainder of this toxic spike as it recombines
with other coronaviruses in the swarm does that make sense to you at least yeah yeah so part of the
reason they think that evolves is that um viruses that are this long that don't have like typically
viruses like the flu have multiple segments of the genome that can recombine and that that's
part of its evolutionary adaptation coronavirus is being 30 kb long don't have recombination
capability with the with the same strain per se you want them to recombine with something else
to get that and so the exon engine has made it really accurate at a single nucleotide level
so they can make a 30 kb piece of RNA but one of the tricks it evolved is to be able to recombine
with other coronaviruses uh so that it it can it can actually accommodate some of what it's missing
compared to flu um now i don't i don't know what that means in terms of the swarm theory other than
i think we we we may have a harder time tracking that uh you know the the the thing to keep in mind
is when they when they are doing a lot of this PCR to track uh all the viral sequences um they
have like a hundred different primer pairs and they're redundantly tiling the genome so they should
be capturing some of that i just don't know how effective they're getting it all right and one
more question can they can that recombination result in in in non-infectious particles because
it's like absolutely yeah yeah i'm sure it does yeah in fact i bet most of them are are dead ends
like you like you like you mentioned i also think inside the cell when it's actually churning out
all this RNA um not all of those are going to end up in a in a perfect particle with one genome and
all the right proteins you're going to end up with all the shrapnel that's misassembled uh that has
just maybe sub-genomic RNA and goes nowhere um so i just don't know that if you put an infectious
clone into a cell that it doesn't anything different i think in fact i think you you need those genes
to be expressed at different levels to get proper assembly of the of the virus because it's not like
one spike protein per one dna it's like a hundred to a thousand spike proteins per one piece of
of RNA genome so it needs to have that imbalance of expression in order to build the capsid correctly
i saw but i doubt that it's a hundred percent efficient where it's putting these all together
like an assembly line and doesn't leave any parts aside i bet i bet it's somewhat random
and build some some just you know some uh some uh unproductive he doesn't want to say exesomes
unproductive very awesome i i i i'm really happy thank you unproductive viriums is not what it was
right it's not so what's going on here this is common jj kui babble folklore coronaviruses
circle the globe every year hyper optimizing the receptor binding domain equals spread i thought
it was the fear and cleavage site that caused the spread i'm i'm confused because in this one
he says that they hyper optimize this coven 19 ace two binding affinity so that it could spread
far and wide i'm sure that that was the receptor but it wasn't the receptor binding domain affinity
but it was the fear and cleavage site that made it spread so fast that's what james lion's
wiler said that's what yuri dagan said that's what bret weinstein said
it couldn't spread as fast that's not at all what i said i said that it was endemic a long
time ago from lab leaks and other stuff or just background is what i think it is now there's not
no reason to give them circulating viruses if they haven't proven it and then that task are on that
note i agree with the no virus people completely assume the virus originated in 2019 i assumed
that it was it's an endemic signal from long long ago again he's he's completely misrepresenting
what he had a personal presentation of and reacted to and discussed
prior circulation is claimed by him in this thing even though he just got through hearing
me explain to him that that's exactly my idea seeding clone hypothesis is chemtrail retarded
and again he didn't say that in that interview at all in that discussion at all sounded pretty
plausible to him
infect a few people and transfect a few people he says giro dano says i said he never said that
and certainly not said it that's my idea like what what's wrong with it
keystone cop clone chemtrail hypothesis can't keep in mind how ridiculous it is for him to say that
not leaking the virus is better so he's sustaining the the the novel virus narrative that a virus
can go around the earth and a clone can't i suspect that's what mccair and and rixie were on about
when they went on matthew crawford stream that they were going to try and make this silly argument
and absolutely positively all the time that this guy spends on the internet
when he could be starting companies he spends his time with absolutely no mention of what
excess deaths can tell us no mention of the lack of of evidence of spread the jessica hocket and
jonathan angler and martin niel are showing that daddy rancor has found evidence of no math at all
about what protocols have done nothing nothing zero just weed genetics and viral genetics that's
it that's all he does at least jessica still cites me at the bottom of this very very bottom of this
2022 october
sub stack where she says by the way a massive thank you to can you see that massive thank you to jonathan
cooey matthew crawford john bodeman and mark jeera doh for the thursday night chats
what are those chats do you think those are the steve curse steering committee
basically what i did was spend my days correcting their nonsense and making sure that they were
staying on immunology 101 in light of the fact that although jessica has it on the top of her
her twitter that she is a computational biologist what is it
it's uh where is it darn it now i screwed it up
it's like 10 different things though um
it's a applied mathematician immunologist computational biologist molecular biologist
biochemist musician writer and logger i think logger means surfer but anyway it's jj's idea
and after our conversation last night i dreamed only about clones it was like a matrix of puzzle
pieces were floating around the dark matter of my subconscious waiting for me to put them
together i didn't manage to yet but this hypothesis of an engineered clone makes a lot of sense to me
she's still got a show with chd she can still do programs with them i was ever never actually
offered a show i think i was somebody asked me if i wanted to do it and they they said not right now
it's fine they hired me to do more important things um but i'm definitely not confused by
this okay this is what i thought he would do this is what i told everybody he was doing before
anybody believed me that he was doing it that every time he came at me with more objections
to the clone hypothesis i was already well read enough to argue back that's what i walked him into
in that video i walked him into that that's a denizen mark denizen papers that establish the
proofreading in coronavirus i walked him right into that question
first i made him say yeah combination happens all the time it makes him really good and then
i said yeah but doesn't recombination a lot of times result in dead end so yeah i does sure it
does yeah absolutely and so we kept circling back to the infectious cycle cartoon being horribly
wrong the infectious cycle cartoon is horribly wrong and the way you overcome it is to make a
lot of pure RNA and he just didn't want to see it he doesn't want to understand it because it's
his job not to understand it or to make sure that the people that are listening have the least
likelihood of understanding it when he's around and that's what this is about that's why you call
it chemtrail retarded and make it seem like all the the ideas that make sense are his
even though none of the ideas in this whole paragraph are his they're either tv narrative
about ace 2 affinity or they're my clone hypothesis being made fun of but not really being made fun
of at all just being misrepresented this is a guy that's sold companies this is a guy whose
brothers have cancer companies this is a guy whose family is probably worth 250 million dollars
this is a guy who's got a house that's worth more than my entire ancestry owns
and he spends his time ridiculing me
a guy who just got laid off after six months of working for chd who's supposed to be this
organization that would support a guy like me and help get this truth out
one of the reasons why i got in trouble at chd was because i covered a podcast
where two members of chd interviewed this guy and i criticized what he said in the interview
and i tried to protect the two people from chd from him and i was reprimanded for it
so somewhere in the upper echelons of this theater are people in every single spot that need to be
there and that doesn't mean that chd is a bad organization it doesn't mean that i can is a
bad organization it doesn't even mean that the people that are working for steve kirsch are bad
people they are being misled and it only takes a few people in a tug of war to sabotage a team
and it's really easy to fake helping in a tug of war and that's what this is if you set up
to argue about this stuff if you start pulling on the rope that they offer you you're already
playing along and you start pulling harder and you put all your energy into the rope in the
meantime they've already stopped pulling they're letting you do it all because that's what they
wanted you to do and that's why i've been ignoring kevin mccurnan for the last six months because
that's what he wants me to do he wants me to argue about this stuff but we already argued about it
a year ago and he lost and now he's turning around and make it seem like that conversation
never happened i hope you will review what we just listened to to see how obnoxiously
disingenuous this paragraph is
and how damaging it could potentially be to my family and what other things that he did behind
the scenes what other emails did he write what other kind of crap is going on
quite frankly i wouldn't be able to be in the same room with this guy without needing somebody
to be between us so i'm a real skinny wimp but i would put all of my power behind it i'll tell you
what because this is really this is really nonsense this is really malevolence
you can't see this as two people struggling to save the world you can't see this as two people
struggling to get out the biological truth of the pandemic
and it was all to make diffuse real again melon cooperating with with mccurnan cooperating
with ark medic cooperating with jessica rose all selling the same story that lo and behold look
at this the endo nuclease sites that we thought we found a few months ago it turns out they ordered
the right enzyme for them it turns out they were sending emails discussing this stuff see it's
obviously true it's all a charade to make diffuse real again and it was never real and it was never
a real danger you don't if you make clones and spray them into back caves you're not going to
get a pandemic just like if you make clones and you spray them in a few cities around the world
you don't get a pandemic you get a signal that you can test for a little while for
and so if you test right you could you could you could confound it and that's it
and the diffuse proposals and elaborate ridiculous comic book level scheme that's supposed to imply
that they already did the experiments duh they put fear and cleavage sites in man
you got to make RNA real again we need to make RNA and what it can and can't do for itself real
again and we need to make RNA clones real again real like we understand what they are what they do
how pure they are how ridiculously unequal they are to whatever we can possibly identify in nature
the foundation of all the objections of the farewell to virology document and all the
subsequent discussion is about this RNA clones overcome whatever nonsense
is the biology that results in psychopathic effects and lack of pure sequences this is all
covered by this illusion here
and I am sure I am sure that somebody like Steve Hatfield has probably sat in a room where they
talked about this I'm pretty sure Robert Malone with all of his long back experience with some
of the granddaddies of virology I'm sure he sat in a room where this has been discussed
and since the first papers that Jessica Rose ever did for her were virology papers where she did
computer simulations of virology or viruses or viral replication or something she may even know
but Weinstein he doesn't know he's he's really not as sophisticated as a biologist as he would
like you to believe and I'm pretty sure well I don't know I don't know I don't know anybody
any of these people I don't know about any of these people I just know for sure
that there was an elaborate operation where a lot of people were involved in a tug of war and
most of them weren't pulling where a lot of people were pretending to stop and start a train
when they weren't playing any role at all and they were given comfort and fame and a book deal
just keep doing this with this guy would you just keep helping this guy pretend to stop the train
until we're done and so all of these arguments were that the discussion of everybody's vulnerable
the PCR cycle counts have nothing to do with reality lab leak spike
well nobody talked about antibiotics or steroids nobody talked about the biohazard
the the ventilation nobody talked about the financial incentives that were twisting this all up
nobody talked about the lack of discussion of of nutrition it was all this was all things right
all things to fight about oh but they're not giving anybody vitamin D
it's vitamin D deficiency ivermectin hydroxychloroquine these things work for this novel virus
some very curious people were involved in perpetuating the ivermectin narrative
Brett Weinstein I showed you in the beginning claimed that it was 100% effective as a prophylaxis
and that if we just forced everybody to take ivermectin for six uh six weeks we would be done
with this 60 days I want to argue that the DNA contamination in the shot is being used as another
opportunity to make many fake helpers which will join the vigorous discussion that will never
question the necessity of that countermeasure and they will also not question the general
application of transfection as a vaccination methodology that's like the the buckholtz guy
and kevin mccernan both of them have been very instrumental in pushing this this DNA contamination
idea forward and now we have the the florida the florida surgeon general saying that we should
stop the shots because there's DNA contamination in them and that they could integrate now whether
or not that's true doesn't matter it's that it doesn't it's irrelevant to the to the wholly
inappropriate nature of transfection for healthy people
it suggests that and and buckholtz actually said that when he was presenting in front of the
South Carolina Senate that if this DNA wasn't in there then the shot would be great
but as long as the DNA is in there I'm not sure I want to give it to my daughter wow
and those statements can be seen as somebody also helping this guy fake stop and start the
train that's what buckholtz did he's faking this faking the resistance the faking the discussion
about what's important and the diffuse proposal and the discussion of its contents it's DARPA
rejection and the likelihood that the experiments described in it were already done is another
example of the limited spectrum of debate maintained by these actors so that we argue about stuff
that gets us to accept the Scooby-Doo like other aspects of the narrative by accepting its relevance
you accept the premise of RNA pandemics and that a fear and cleavage site could play a role in it
and that molecular modification was key that is an illusion but if you see how they all line up
they're all trying to get us to believe and teach our kids that gain a function is real
that's what they need us to do if we teach our kids the gain of function is real
then they're on the train forever if we teach them that this worst case scenario is real
they're on the train forever they're stuck in the car with these people but we can get them out
we can get them out by realizing that these people don't do the math they don't talk about zero
epidemiological evidence of spread they don't talk about the massive health care costs that
were saved around the world with this operation they don't talk about strict liability they don't
talk about the strategy of going at the seventh amendment or going at it as a violation of the
seventh amendment the prep act they don't talk about the prep act they don't talk about getting
rid of it and so all the solutions that these people present us will not reveal this scheme
and they will not reveal that the toxicity of this imaginary virus has been confounded with
transfection so the transfection could be said to be relatively successful they will say that
because we rushed it because it's contaminated because it's imperfect because we chose the wrong
protein but they're not going to question the overall story and they overall need none of them
none of them Robert Malone is still saying that antibodies are real
and that they're important
so does Vincent so does carrot fund and bullshit's talking about antibodies all the time this
picture is from the NIH director's own blog in 2020 Francis Collins it's a very nice well drawn
computer-generated picture of spike proteins in different flavors
and how antibodies from infection are not quite as good as antibodies from vaccine
this is misleading the young this is lying to our children this is lying to parents of children
this is lying to prospective parents
it is the most malevolent photograph illustration that I've ever seen in the pandemic it is
awful and it's all contains everything here the variants are only in the spike
the antibodies only are for the spike which means you only need B cells which means it's
become stupid simple stupid complicated or dumb simple this is dumb simple
and so your perception of the pandemic really depends on who you're paying attention to
you could be here
or you could be here and depending on who you're listening to and who you're seeing you're going
to have a very different outlook and a very different feel about what's happening in the
world but it could be that the vast majority of people are still completely trapped and we'd
never know
we could be having 131 viewers or we could have 131,000 viewers right now how would we know
but this is going to fade away this is going to be erased and the past will become truth if the
lie will become truth if we don't teach it to our children now I went over this biology already
it's not sufficient I think what's happening is existing cellular machinery for exosome production
is being hijacked by these self-replicating RNAs are these self-replicating RNAs out there in the
wild are they produced by mammals are they capable of making a variant like this you see how much
detail they put into the endosomal construction and packaging of viruses to make you believe
that they understand this process this is the kind of illustration upon which
Kevin McCurnan's own understanding of how the infectious cycle works is based on cartoons like
this it's not based on experiments he's done they're all based on the same papers same papers that
don't adequately justify a cartoon like this
and that's why I think it's really important to understand the mixtape idea I think it's really
understood important to understand that they can't culture them but what they can do is sequence
them they can make them into plasmids those plasmids can be grown and if you ligate them
together you can make a large quantity of an RNA that you claim can only be found in nature
and doesn't really quantify it doesn't really culture but now you can make a lot of it you can
always go back to the DNA you can make animals sick with it you can share it with your family
and friends and you can also make industrial sized quantities of it which would allow you to
transfect a lot of people would allow you to put a signal in a lot of places would allow you to
spike a lot of sewers and I want to remind you that there are papers where they look at this
expression of this positive strand RNA and when they find these these subgenomic RNAs here what
Kevin McCurnan was talking about they are in the hundreds of thousands of times more abundant
I'm going to skip this one more abundant than the whole genome these are up here at 10 to the 4th
these are thousands of copies of the N thousands of copies of the E the M and the S protein
very very few copies of RF1A and RF1B these are the replicase proteins and accessory proteins that
are required to copy the virus again and so any of these RNAs that are produced here in the thousands
of times more abundant are not going to produce variants they're going to produce proteins only
in fact in this paper they found exactly two that could qualify as full genome length and
both of them are incomplete this is a much older paper showing you a very similar technique of
trying to make infectious clones and when they do that and they look for the RNA of the whole
virus they don't find it it's not there it's very very faint just as the same as this paper
where you get one and two the blue and the pink one and the rest are thousands and thousands of
sub genomic RNAs mostly for the N the E the 4 protein and the S and they see the same thing
decades ago when they do the the more traditional RNA gel here and so the confounding has occurred
through the use of a worst case scenario narrative that was carefully curated for the last four years
and they have achieved a lot they have avoided an exponential increase in Medicare costs they
have protected against a growing skepticism they have been protecting against a growing skepticism
in vaccines they have trans started to make us accept a transition to digital currency they have
transitioned us to a genetic form of vaccines for the entire population it's pretty much
already accepted at least in the in the bureaucracies that matter they have confounded the toxicity of
the virus and transfection to allow the pandemic to prove transfection successful for number four
they are transitioning our youth into submission with full digital control and that will include
them needing to identify themselves on their games and in social media to protect them
and there are people complaining about that on social media as well even adults are asking for
ID so that people can't anonymously harass me and then they have edified the mythology of
pandemic viruses around the world across languages they're also disrupting family formation they
also have maybe shortened the lifespan of billions of people by transfecting them
are they going to kill billions of people with a gain of function virus
no they are not are they going to destroy the cultural fabric of america with this story by
ripping us right down the middle absolutely they are and are they trying to create the
the chaos necessary for a fundamental reorganization of how the world is governed i think they are
and i don't think they would mind if the united states fell apart while they did it
so if you want that to stop we've got to learn the biology that they are trying to get us to accept
you've got to really dig in and learn and teach your children that we didn't get rid of every
disease with vaccination in the past it was also water treatment and sewer it was also nutrition
and better hygiene novel coronaviruses do not jump regularly and cause pandemics they might
jump from species you might be able to get sick from animals
but it's not something that can cause a domino effect that that travels around the world for many
years. PCR's aren't false positives are not rare they're just irrelevant asymptomatic spread is not
real variants are not evidence of spread if they're if they're just an endemic signal
and we have not been studying viruses with gain of function research that's just an illusion of
things that they do on the bench it's the illusion that they want to trap us in that's the new world
order that's why i use that bat i think it's just brilliant because it is it's it's it's pandemic
potential and badcaves is the mythology the new world order they want us to pass on to our children
and once this lie becomes truth they're never going to be able to escape from it
in a very similar way that most of us were trapped in the idea that vaccines were great
and it would be nuts to be anti-vaccine
our kids will be trapped in a much much more malevolent mythology than that
this faith in a novel virus has to be broken one of the ways to break it is to point out to
people that we're in our fifth year i mean that should really shake some people fifth year
we're in the fifth year
and i want to very much emphasize again that kevin mccurnan has been about as disingenuous
as one can be um a lot like maybe a flat earther in fact i think he actually used that before
Robert Malone used that before and in fact Vincent Renson yellow used it in twiv
not too many days ago as well saying that talking about there being no pandemic or debating about
the fidelity of viruses or talking about chemtrail retarded things like the clones
is the equivalent of flat earth discussion it's comical really because again we have already
known this for a long time that that's what flat earth and some of these other things we're going
to be used for that's one of the reasons what i think somebody like tom kawan does when he talks
about water storing emotional energy when you freeze it and and confusing that with
the water memory that luke montane was investigating for example
and so on one hand you have tom kawan super right about analysis with regard to isolation
and and purification of viruses but then in the same podcast you might talk about how there's
some lady in New Zealand who can freeze water and it'll store memories in it trying to confound
the research of the late luke montane into the ability of water to store memory of dna
that's how you can see how this whole this whole charade is nonsense
so if you want to break out of this we've got to advocate for a stopping of all childhood
vaccines in the united states and we would make that argument based on the fact that
there's no other western country that does it like we do that does it as early as we do
and as often as we do and it's just stupid we also have to advocate for strict liability
at all pharmaceutical products it's a real simple thing lawyers understand it everybody
understands it especially the pharmaceutical companies and especially the cdc
who's actually the largest vaccine supplier in america investigate the use of deadly protocols
to cause mass casualty events this would be all of the things including remdesivir but not just
that anything and everything investigate the use of these same mass casualty events and
transfection perhaps clones to seed the idea of a narrative of a pandemic i also want to advocate
for claiming sovereignty over our bodies and those of our children i want to advocate for
getting out of the who and the un entirely ending our cdc entirely maybe reorganizing our fda
but to see the medlers you need to see them for who they are they won't really speak out against
the vaccine schedule although i won't use the words strict liability they won't talk about the
deadly protocols and you know what john bodewin was on high wire and john bodewin talked about
the protocols and the high wire guy tried to cut him off but john bodewin called it murder
john bodewin called it murder more than once so here's to you john bodewin i'm going to try
and do a show about that uh that interview tomorrow um and they attack people instead of ideas and
they're unable to summarize across the entire show
robert melon's a key example of how he's not able to summarize across the entire show
a couple years ago he would summarize across the entire show by saying that he has a friend in
the cia and another one at ditra and he made an uh computer model of x-ray crystallography of the
three c three cl protease and then he interfaced that crystallography model with all of the known
pharmaceuticals in the fda's in the fda's catalog and he did that in about three weeks and he
identified remdesivir and uh fomotidine and a couple other things that steve kirsch investigated
as combinations that could be patentable and now he tells a completely different story
he doesn't start out with i invented all this stuff these things are saving the world
like his wife does or did his story has changed because it's hard it's hard to consistently tell
a story when it's not the truth it's hard when the narrative is being pushed back against and
the script needs to be rewritten it's hard when everybody is starting to see through your ai
lie it's hard when everybody's starting to see through your clone lie it's hard to see
it's hard to move forward when you have to keep changing the script and adding new actors all
the time because the original script just didn't stick the original script being it's a laboratory
leak with all kinds of crazy problems and so everybody better take the shot like jordan peterson
set take the damn shot so we can get it over with
artificial general intelligence is the next myth they're going to push on us
they're going to use that to try and justify digital id and we don't need those
but the digital id is kind of a joke to me because in reality we already have digital id
there's no question in my mind that all digital id is already solved right here in the phone right
i mean we carry it around it's got gps it's got everything that they could possibly want even a
microphone and a camera i think digital id is probably a little bit of a a hoax and in reality
we should all be advocating for like a phone that's anonymous with no tracking and no gps and all
other stuff and you know apps that can't track you and we're not we're not worried about that at all
i think digital id is probably a joke but but digital currency is not so stop all
transfections and healthy humans they are trying to eliminate the control group by any means
necessary i assure you but it is deeper than that of course they want us to to sign our kids up in
our our grandchildren up for testing forever intramuscular injection of any combination of
substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb transfections and healthy
humans is criminally negligent and i'm talking to all you academic biologists out there who
should have done known better viruses are not patterned integrity i don't know what to say
ladies and gentlemen but this seems like a pretty significant landmark here when somebody like
kevin mccurnan just i don't know if it's i don't know how to how to characterize what this what this
what this landmark is other than somebody that i hoped
would turn out to be just someone that we were getting our wires crossed and stuff
it's it's really become pretty obvious that he's a medler it's actually become pretty obvious
that he's been meddling with me for a long time and uh so here we are uh if you can support this
stream it would be really great if you'd go to giga ohmbiological.com and stroll the scroll down
and subscribe or even a one-time um support link is right here and also join me at giga ohm.bio where
we have this ongoing conversation that sometimes i'm participating in and sometimes i forget about
because i'm on twitter yuck um and then here's gonna be a schedule and uh phone number and then
here's where you can subscribe um and i will update the list uh tomorrow so that it's up to date for
the next stream um and i will see you tomorrow i think i'm gonna cover john boedwin's um high wire
interview because i do think it was a really good one and i do think that he did a very good job
of underscoring how this the whole thing has just been a giant lie and they won't stop lying about
it and so i'm i'm very pleased with what john boedwin did on the high wire and so i want to amplify
that a little bit so i'm probably going to do that tomorrow thank you all very much for joining
me and i will see you again boy this heater is so loud